Add Toolpad Core readme video (#4006)
mui/mui-toolpad: README.md

## Product walkthrough

> - [Toolpad Core](https://mui.com/toolpad/core/introduction/) is a set of full-stack React components that leverages existing [Material UI](http://github.com/mui/material-ui/) components, and ties them with the commonly-used backend integrations to help you create responsive dashboards and internal tools.

Reviewer: How about something like?

```suggestion
- [Toolpad Core](https://mui.com/toolpad/core/introduction/) is a set of high level React components that abstract common concepts such as layout navigation and routing. It aims at helping you build and maintain dashboards and internal tooling faster. It's built on top of [Material UI](http://github.com/mui/material-ui/).
```
